docs(core): add 17.0 docs (#1130)
keymanapp/help.keyman.com: developer/core/desktop/17.0/json-schema.md

---
title: JSON Introspection Schema
---

The [`km_core_state_to_json()`](state#km_core_state_to_json) call
generates a JSON document describing the internal state of the keyboard
processor, this is the schema describing that document.

**WARNING**: The structure and format of the JSON document is independently
versioned is not considered part of C API. It is intended solely for use in

> diagnostics or by development and debugging tools which may need to beaware of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
diagnostics or by development and debugging tools which may need to be aware of
```
